Instructions

BUILDING
To build the file eclipse with android sdk is required instructions on how to install this can be found here
 http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html , once set-up the project can be imported into eclipse. 
 
APP ICONS
To change application images change the appropriate image in the res/drawables folders.
Devices of different sizes use different drawables folders so multiple different image sizes should be provided.
A guide on how to create icons is located given here http://developer.android.com/design/style/iconography.html

Here are some of the drawables that can be changed.
-app logo:  ic_launcher.png
-markers for locations: flag.png

NAMES
To edit the name of buttons, pages and the app within the res/values/ folder there is a strings.xml file edit
 these strings to change names and give tours a more unique feel if required.

DATA
file names should use lower-case a-z,0-9 and _ names only and must start with a lower-case letter.
All files.

To set-up a tour two xml files are required;
The a_config.xml file contains information needed to set-up the tour and provide a brief description of
the tour. Below is a brief description of the file and it's components and their use.

entity-data: this entity holds all data.
	entity-trail: holds information on a trail.
		attributes:
			image - name of image file to show with map.
			map - name of image to use as map.
			latitudes and longitudes of north east and south west points of map.
			
	entity-title: tour title.
	entity-summary: summary of the tour.
	entity-file: the name of the second xml file holding information on points.
	
The second xml file should have the same name as the one described in the config xml file.
This file holds information on points in the tour.
	
entity-audio_tour: this entity holds all data.
	entity-point: holds information on a point.
		attributes:
			id - an id number associated with the point, this is used to search for the point in the app.
			image - name of image file to show with map.
			audio - name of an audio file.
			latitude and longitude of the point.	
	entity-title: point title.
	entity-summary: summary of the point.
	
All XML,images of points and tours, and all audio files should be placed in the res/raw/ folder. 
When accessing this folder android excludes file type so tree.mp3 and tree.jpg will be considered the same. 
Due to this such files should have unique names such as tree_mp3.mp3 or tree_jpg.jpg.

SAMPLE DATA
is packaged to make development easier, delete files in the res/raw with the exception of a_config,a_about and a_help.
